

Why did you create this website?
Why did i create this website?

I like challenging myself and enjoy programming in my free time. I undertook this project to learn more about vue and azure and wanted to consildate my skills in azure/docker.

How did you build this website?
How did i build this website?

I created the frontend in VUE, the backend is made with python (using fastapi) and the llm used is gpt-4o via the assistants api of openai.
I store question information in azure comsos db (using the mongo api) and host my applicaiton on azure using azure app services (using a linux docker container).
I provision any changes to the website via github actions.


Is this your first website?
Is this my first website?

No, i have created one earlier, which used vanilla html/css/java and github pages. Which was the simplest free alternative i could use at the time.


Do you use github copilot during development?
Do i use github copilot or any other ai assisted tools during development?

I try to use github copilot/chat gpt for generating boiler plate code for standard solutions.
As of right now, i don't use it too often as i find that the suggested code  is 95% correct. However the 5 % that is wrong will have you stumped for hours, it is therefore better right now to try and built everyhting yourself.


Is this your first llm application?
Is this my first llm applicaiton?

No, i have co-created a chat-bot for APG which answers user questions about our documentation.


What do you mean you don't know either?
What do you mean, you dont know about the correctnes of your answer?

I user the opneai ASsistants api for creating responses, this api will look through a currated list of documents for answers to your questions.
If you are asking about a question about i topic i did not provide yet, the response might be made up.
I will look through responses like these to see if i can improve my knowledge base, but in the meantime, the best i can do is update you that the answer might be correct or false.
